1. 你啥时候毕业, 你的身份是什么, 需要签证吗?
I graduated in 2009, currently I have H1B working visa.
I graduated from zhejiang university of technolegy in Chian.
My majar is software enginnering. Then I joined Infosys as a
 developer and my
company sent me to US and work with client sysco.
I focus on develping web service, API design, web applicaion.
Alos I coordinate with China offshore team, help them understand
business requirement and reslve any question they have.

2. 推荐人啥关系 ?
She is the wife of my wife's classmate.

3. 你的 GPA ?
I'm not sure. If the total score is 100, I get about 75-80 on average.

4. 你未来3年内的计划?
Enrich knowledge software design, architecture and solution. Becomes
 a tech leader and lead a small group of team.

5. 你为什么申请这个组?
Performance is always a big chanllege in software.
It is very important and impacts user
experience a lot. It would be a lot of joy of improving performance.

6. 为啥 linkedin?
I always want to build solid and high performance application
which can give user great experience. Linkedin is one of largest
network on internet. If I join LinkedIn, it's good oppotunity of
build cool application and I believe I can learn more knowledge.
I also heard the working environment is nice.


7. 你下次面试的时间什么时候有空?
Any time next week. It would be better if can be in the afternoon.

8. 还有什么想问的问题吗?
what's the process of interview ?

location peference
I dont have any requirement.

想做的方向
team peference（介绍了一堆.

最有意思的项目
It's a legacy web application. The plan is turn it into a modern application.
We don't build from scratch, instead we re-build each part of it. so
the application has old part and new part. Finally, it becomes a new application.
This is first time that I develop application in this mode.

从这个项目里学到了什么
The way of re-build legacy application. Each time only a piece of application is
rebuild, it makes legacy still solid and integrity. The benifit is that user can
continue to use it and get new thing constantly.

还问了工作之外的时间喜欢干啥
keep myself update with new technolgy by reading tech news and book.

what's interview process ?
what else should I prepare except algthrim, system design ?